Bluetooth: tests: Add tests for Bluetooth privacy (#54708)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: tests/bluetooth/bsim_bt/bsim_test_bt_privacy/README.rst

.. _bsim_test_bt_privacy:

Privacy feature test
********************

Tests goals
===========

The tests check the following aspects of the Bluetooth privacy feature:

> * On device privacy mode, scanner shall accept advertising packets from peer with any address type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In device-privacy mode, a scanner shall accept advertising packets from peers with any address type.
```
